1. Message, files, snippets, posts and member profiles



2.  Percentage of messages viewed in public channels vs in private channels and direct messages (DMs)



3. Integrate with a Data Loss Protection (DLP) provider to remove sensitive data shared in Slack



4. Create an org wide channel dedicated to company trainings



5. The members did not set up EMM within 72 hour window.



6. Create a private channel in the HR workspace,….



7. Ask the employees to post their own question in a public #help channel where Jose and team will respond.



8. Move their channels into the Global workspace and convert the default channels to private, to ease the Sales teams fears about privacy.



9. Configure Google Workspace SAML based SSO with Slack…



10.  The workspace requires an invitation from the Workspace Admin to join.



11. Members must submit a verification code along with their password each time they sign in. 



12.  Roles Admin 



13.  Cortez will not be able to deactivate Camdins account, only the primary owner can…



14.  Create a multi workspace channel between the IT and internal workspaces.



15.  Create new regional channels and name them using the #help-workplace-region format…



16. Invite Only



17.  Keep up to date on all channel naming conventions to accurately process requests

Create a process for channel requests

18.  Approve and install apps to integrate their support tools with Slack

Streamline an incident management workflow

Organize and name channels in a way that makes information, procedures, and policies 

19.  Unlimited

20. Workspace Analytics dashboard

21. Remove external members from Slack connect channels when they were invited with “Can post & invite” permissions.

View All external people connected to your org and the Slack Connect channels they  belong to.

22.  Modify public channels & Send Messages as a member 

23.  Review the Slack Connect connections in the Org Admin dashboard.

24.  Enable workspace creation requests via Org Settingsl

25.  Connect tools they are already using like Google Calendar or Box to slack

26. Use the SCIM API to sync attributes to your member profiles

27. Admin.conversations:read

28. No because customer data is removed immediately upon expiration of message retention. 

29. Create an ordered list of conditional rules for app and integration approvals.

30. Use SCIM provisioning  to create accounts for students and faculty members, and create an identity provider group for all faculty members.

31. Use third party eDiscovery app to retrieve and store data in a data warehouse. 

32.  The team member who created the channel will automatically be assigned the Channel Manager role and can archive the channel.

33. Keep all files including deleted files

34. Make the workspace a default workspace for all current and future users. 

35.  Create a new public channel for the project, invite the team members, and introduce yourself and the project scope. 

36.  Set a mobile session duration of 2 weeks for all mobile devices.

37.  A new member joins a channel 

A specific date and time 

38.  Enable workspace creation requests via Org Settings.

39. Default channels orient new members and model channel naming conventions

40. Search the Slack App Directory for an existing Slack app that supports the online tool.

41. To make multiple discussions in the same channel easier to follow.

42. Pre approve daily productivity apps, and restrict apps that security has already deemed too risky. 

43. Add the Ambassadors as selected members or groups to manage Approved Apps

44.  Run a campaign promoting the slack mobile app, so the sales team understands the value of mobility and persistent communications

Survey they Sales team to understand what currently makes their job difficult and determine which apps integrations to prioritize.

45. Convert channels from public to private

Rename or archive channels

Add and manage other Channel managers

46. Whether to enable admin approved apps

Who can invite new members

47. Invite consultants through the workspace drop down menu and route approvals to a dedicated channel for admin approval

48.  End users will be immediately signed out of Slack on any unmanaged mobile devices.

49. Set your global message retention policies for one month, and adjust retention settings for important channels to keep everything

50.  Your organizations file sharing settings will apply to all files uploaded to a Slack connect channel by any of 250 organizations that have joined the channel.

51. It creates challenges to context switch and scalability in your Enterprise Grid.

52. Does the app meet data security policies for your organization?

What are the external services or APIs the app is connecting to?

53. Turn on Mobile Session Duration to invoke an automatic log out from the Slack mobile app after a specific time frame.

54.  It supports integrations with various third party apps for easy data transfer between services.

Non developers can easily automate business processes.

Templates are available for download.

55. Allow all members access to upload custom emoji, but communicate and document the appropriate emoji use and uploads.

56. The finance team and select executives have been discussing quarterly planning in a public channel.

57.  Create a public channel (ex #social-LA) and add the 10 people aligned to the LA region

58.  Slack data is encrypted at rest and in transit. 

59.  Ask members to review the Slack tutorials section of the Help Center.

Guide members to the Slack resources library on slack.com

60. Standardize and communicate channel naming conventions.

61.  Send a message that includes an @channel and @here to #supplier-bindings

62.  Multi channel Guest with deactivation time in six months

63. Use Workflow Builder to automatically send instructions on how to request access new tools…

Use Workflow Builder to create a form for tool access requests…

64.  Create a public announce only channel for the expense system.

65. Enable a policy that allows any user role to utilize steps from the installed apps when using the Workflow builder.

Enable Workflow Builder and webhooks in Workflow Builder. 

66. Check that the IdP supports de-provisioning via SCIM and that the connector app is installed and configured correctly.

67.  Workspace Admin

68.  Utilize bulk channel lifecycle management APIs

69.  Enable employees to sign up for the workspace using the companys email domain.

70.  When there is a new line of business at your company.

71. Enterprise Grid Only

72.  Use Slack Connect to allow each organization to manage privacy settings, oversee channel naming…

73. Notifies a group of members who often need to be notified at once. For example, @managers

Assigns default channels to users when they start working at the company.

74. Export the data from the Members section of the org analytics dashboard. 

75. The member would be automatically added to the new workspace unless it is a hidden workspace. 

76. Lock guest invitations from the org admin dashboard

77. Require that invitations get approval via #guest-invitation-approval channel so Admins can action the requests and inform project leaders to invite individuals from outside companies as SINGLE CHANNEL GUESTS.

78. Workspace Owners and Admins can view all published workflows created by members of their workspaces

It is currently possible for Org Owners and Admins to view all workflows created in an Enterprise Gird Org. 

79. Enable members to use the Scheduled Send feature so that messages can be sent during shared working hours.

80.  Pro, Business +, and Enterprise Grid

81.  Its not possible to require guests to use the Slack for EMM App

82.  Create a new social workspace and move the relevant channels to that workspace.

83. Identify an appropriate set of Workspace Owners and Admins for each workspace. 

84. Consolidate More Deals More Money and The Greatest Sales Team…

85.  Use Workflow Builder to create an onboarding workflow with webinars and help center articles. 

86.  Turn on app approval within the Manage Apps Dashboard and require end users to provide a comment for each installation request in the app directory.

87. Meet with your compliance and legal teams to set policies for Slack at your company

88. Does the app require a license?

What is the urgency level for the app request?

89. Connect Google Calendar to your companys email domain…

90. Changing the workspaces public channel message retention and deletion policy to Keep Everything…and allowing everyone to create channels

91. Install apps from the Slack App Directory for the tools they use, and have the apps post alerts…

92. Allows all users to request new workspaces, and route the requests into an admin channel where admins can action the requests as a team.

93.  Deactivate the workspace admins account in the IdP and automatically  sync deactivated members from your organizations IdP.

94.  The percentage of messages sent via direct message in the HR workspace to the organizations overall percent of direct messages.

95.  Turn on app approval so members can only install aps that have been pre-approved.

Send all notifications to a specific channel that includes all app managers for app approval. 

96.  Org-wide channels are discoverable by all workspaces in the same Grid org and should only be used for information that that applies to all employees.

97. They’ll receive an email…

98.  Connect an identity provider (IDP) group to appropriate workspaces to control membership.



1. The user group can then be added to all relevant new-hire and onboarding channels.

2. Use the Discovery API to export messages and files from the channel that were sent by your company. 

3. Any @mention of the Workspace Admin user group will notify all of the group members

4. Refer to the avg number of days users were active within the last month 

5. Restrict @here and @channel usage to Owners and Admins only.

6. Create an @marketing-team user group and use the @market-team user group.

7. Add the SMEs as internal app collaborators so they can directly manage the app’s settings

8. Create a new private channel for planning the birthday party…

9. Automatically adds or removes members of an IdP group to workspaces within your org

Makes Membership for certain channels

Makes membership for certain workspaces

10.  Business+ and Enterprise Grid 

11. Their accounts will be deactivated, However their messages and files wont be deleted. 

12.  Message Retention & Deletion set to Keep Everything for public channels and not allowing overrides

13. Choose and Configure your IdP before configuring SSO since end users cant sign in to Enterprise Grid without SSO.

14. G Suite Auth

15. As soon as possible…

16. Create a default org wide channel called #announcements…

17. Use the Audit Logs API to audit the file download action in the required public channel. 

18. Convert the group DM to a private channel, and then invite the new members.

19. Route workspace requests from an org wide help channel to a private admin only channel.

20. Create and communicate a channel naming and creation policy…

21. Post a message in #bread-buds redirecting everyone…

22. Block message copying and the downloads

23. Navigate to the Customize Slack page where Shonda can remove the custom emoji.

24. Identify and restrict all apps that pose the most security risks to your organization.

25. Use IDP groups to assign new employees to their respective workspaces.

26. A project manager is showing their work to the rest of their project team and asking for feedback before the end of the week.

27. All channel history will be visible when the external organization accepts the invitation. You can also offer to show them how to revoke the channel invitation.

28. View the members tab in the slack analytics dashboard

29. Install the Slack Desktop App to all of their employees machines allowing automatic updates.

30. They actively communicate and promote transparency to reinforce the purpose and value of the tool.

They model best practices

They identify and implement key use cases for the tool

31. Adjust the Slack Connect direct messages settings…

32. Deactivate the members utilizing the SCIM API

33. Multi Channel Guest with access to all relevant project channels

34. Use Workflow Builder to welcome teammates to channels with automatic onboarding messages

35. Tracy use the Admin Role for the workspace invite and use Multi Channel Guest role. 

36.  Create a private channel to share the report with the VP 

37.  Chat:write

38.  Using an integrated Data Loss Prevent DLP solution.

39. The channel will be archived on Ad Heroes workspace

40. Search the persons email in the Slack Connect section of your sidebar

41. Work with the benefits team to set a clear channel topic

Encourage the payroll team to create their own public #help channel

42.  Record a Slack Clip in an org wide announcements channel to screen share

43.  Sign member out of the Enterprise Grid org by selecting Sign Out of Slack in the Admin dashboard

44.  Advise the employee to initiate one or more slack connect channels to collaborate with the external organization.

45. Change the channel management permission for creating private and public channels to workspace admins/owners only.

46. Meet with key businesses units to identify and measure opportunities to improve productivity using Slack. 

47.  It gives organizations more control over their security policies

It allows employees to use the same login credentials

48. The candidate encourages Slack etiquette in channels…

49. Deactivate the members account in Slack settings.

50.  Encourage service agents to use Huddles

51. Enable automatic additions of members in an Idp Group 

Enable automatic additions and removals of members in an IdP group to workspaces within your org

52. Org Owners and Org Admins decide who can manage multi workspace channels 

53. Provide additional learning and host a slack day. 

54. The data retention needs of the new business unit for files and messages

55. Confirm that you are an admin in both origin and destination workspaces.

Confirm that all channel members are members of the destination workspace. 

56. Integrating an app gives you an unified view into whats happening in the app natively

57. Create workspaces based on how information is shared…

58. #help-finance

59.  Messages, files, snippets, posts and member profiles

60. Workspace Administration efforts can be distributed to representatives…

61.  Your company frequently shares personally identifiable information PII

62. Create the minimum number of workspaces to meet your users needs to limit context switching 

63.  Archive the public channel…

64.  Write a script using the channels API to rename all channels…

65.  Limit the posting permissions to Org Admins

Create a private channel and implement a personal benefits workflow

66. Leverage an org wide channel to announce new Slack features on a recurring basis.

67. Do nothing….

68. Workspace Owner (Primary owner of your companys slack)

69. Organization Policies

70. Move to the Slack Business+ Plan

71.  Alpha Corp users cannot DM anyone form Beta Corp since Slack Connects DMS are Disabled.

72.  Open

73. Create a new channel for the project…

74.  Remove the user from all their channels in bulk using the external people menu. 

75. Notfiy the one channel member, then archive the channel.

76.  SAML SSO and IDP groups on the Slack Business+ Plan

77. Upgrade to the Slack Enterprise Grid Plan and enable domain claiming

78. Restrict access to workspaces to approved mobile devices only. 

79.  Block file downloads and copying on mobile devices

Domain allow list to mobile access to corporate workspaces only. 

80. eDiscovery  ( a bank must archive)

81. Export all public channels from tidepools pro workspace. 

82.  Create a naming convention for each of the 3 projects….

83. The external organization has turned off Slack Connect Discoverability

84.  Create a multi-workspace private channel for each department

85. Use Slack default Slack Connect Channel approval permissions

86. When sensitive information is placed in the incorrect channel and shared with other users.

87. Delegate a Workspace Admin…

88. Create a business case for focusing on a thoughtful Enterprise Grid Design

Create success criteria….

89. A team of HR members and hiring team members need to have an ongoing discussion regarding an open role.

90. UNLIMITED

91. TRUE

92. Add important channels to your workspace default channels

93. #team, #proj-, #ext-

94. They can deactivate users automatically from their IdP

They can pre provision Mutli Channel and Single Channel Guest to their workspace

95. SIEM

96. Manage SSO settings

97. BY REQUEST

98. Create new account channels and share them with the respective customers…

1. Post the question in a channel related to the project

